2005 chevy blazer LS or LST think it's
an LS basic package nothing too fancy
got a Bose stereo system in it I think
old Chevy trucks have that it's got
independent rear heating on this side
and that side so if you're too cold you
got your on OnStar all time over you
have a sunroof you have a back seat and
a passenger air and that's some wood for
camping tomorrow that is our tree that
we cut down like two years ago to fruit
tree it is a peach tree oh we're going
camping tomorrow so make a little bit
video so you have to be up to it let's
read the manual the Trailblazer
Trailblazer Trailblazer it's not the X
extended cab 1 2005 my dad changes his
oil every 2,000 miles every 2,000 miles
he always changes this oil he's a
fanatic about everything like
everything's under a thousand miles or
under grand miles everything's always
changed on this and soon we're gonna go
get a new air filter but today we'll
even tomorrow up in the morning awesome
button me my friend Andrew I just got
those pictures back so let's get back to
this thing it's got out of your rims all
the way around it's got the tow package
it's got the glass
backview got the big door nothing really
big I think it has like a 25 gallon tank
and right now it has one of the most
common problems on trail blazers is the
pump arm think that mountain ox it's not
know to censor it's the it's a fuel pump
on the bottom now it's not a fuel pump
it's like an air pump which gives it air
for the injection system it's the most
common problem on tasers trailblazers
they get full to water and you get
horrible gas mileage and lately we've
been getting crappy crappy gas mileage
but this has the vortex v6 in it it's
more like a v8 now because how much gas
we only get three here tracked it in
last 90 dominator about 10 miles per
hour 10 gallons and a mile so 10 MPG
miles per gallon so I don't know what
else to tell you about this but you have
your fuses you have your battery that's
so stupid that they cover those up then
you have the airbox so that's my review
of our truck or blazer so keep with me
and we're going to get more stuff videos
done by